docs: add note for bigquery parameter replacement introduction. (#589)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/resources/tools/bigquery-sql.md

(e.g., `@name`) and positional parameters (`?`), but they cannot be mixed in the
same query.

> **Note:** This functionality is designed to fill **individual parameters**

Reviewer: Thanks for updating this!

To add a note, please use one of the following format: 

1. example: https://googleapis.github.io/genai-toolbox/how-to/connect_via_mcp/#before-you-begin
```
{{< notice note >}} 
notes goes in here...
{{< /notice >}}
```

2. (with the `>` ) https://googleapis.github.io/genai-toolbox/samples/bigquery/local_quickstart/#step-1-set-up-your-bigquery-dataset-and-table in instruction 3.
```
> **Note:** notes goes in here...
```

Author: Thanks! Format updated.

> > **Note:** This functionality is designed to fill **individual parameters**
> > within a query, not for filling the **entire query** or **parts of query**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This tool uses [parameterized queries](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/parameterized-queries) to prevent SQL injections. Query parameters can be used as substitutes for arbitrary expressions. Parameters cannot be used as substitutes for identifiers, column names, table names, or other parts of the query.
```
